feat: support async constraint (#4323)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Routes.md

})
```

> #### Asynchronous Custom Constraints

Author: @Fdawgs Do you have time to helps me check the document changes?

> You can provide your custom constraints and the `constraint` criteria can be fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide your custom constraints and the `constraint` criteria can be fetched
```

from other source, for example `database`. Usage of asynchronous custom constraint
should place at the last resort since it impacts the router performance.

```js
function databaseOperation(field, done) {
  done(null, field)
}

const secret = {
  // strategy name for referencing in the route handler `constraints` options
  name: 'secret',
  // storage factory for storing routes in the find-my-way route tree
  storage: function () {
    let handlers = {}
    return {
      get: (type) => { return handlers[type] || null },
      set: (type, store) => { handlers[type] = store }
    }
  },
  // function to get the value of the constraint from each incoming request
  deriveConstraint: (req, ctx, done) => {
    databaseOperation(req.headers['secret'], done)
  },
  // optional flag marking if handlers without constraints can match requests that have a value for this constraint
  mustMatchWhenDerived: true
}
```

> ## ⚠  Security Notice
> When using with asynchronous constraint. It is highly recommend never return error
> inside the callback. If the error is not preventable, it is recommended to provide
> a custom `frameworkErrors` handler to deal with it. Otherwise, you route selection

> > may broken or expose sensitive information to hacker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> may break or expose sensitive information to attackers.
```
